Documentation for release branching and versioning strategy (#1731)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Technical-Documentation/Architecture-Decision-Record/008-deployment-flow.md

Deploy Environment | Cloud.gov Space | Cloud.gov Dev Access | Role                                             | Deploys when ...                                  |
-------------------|-----------------|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
Dev                | Tanf-Dev        | Vendor & Gov      | Deploy code submitted for gov review             | Relevant github label assigned as shown below     |

> Staging            | Tanf-Staging    | Gov               | Deploy code once gov-approved                    | Code merged to `raft-tech/TANF-app:develop` |

Reviewer: noting for future reference that we need to update this when we have setup a flow for `hhs:main` to deploy to staging. then i suppose we'll have vendor staging again.

## Notes

> - As of December 2021, merges into `HHS/TANF-app:main` do not deploy to any environment, since we are pending activation of the production space (#721). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of April 2022, merges into `HHS/TANF-app:master` do not deploy to any environment, since we are pending activation of the production space (#895). 
```
